all right this is the flowing pandaren
spirit for this fight I'm going to be
using my leveling pet with sandal er you
told biter which leveling that doesn't
matter gay buddy in there and then of
course the idol is coming back cuz he's
ridiculous and also we are going to have
a crab come in his abilities will be
surge renewing mist and whirlpool I
think most crabs there's lock traps and
they all have the same abilities so mrs.
aspire bound crap any crabbing get you
can should be able to this mixture and
then the idol of course crush sandstorm
deflection
nothing really happened that round but
that pet should still kids XP so we're
good now Marley here just did his dive
so next day he's gonna hit me for
probably at least 500 plus we have
whirlpool all conspired next turn as
well which will hit me for a 480 so I
have a thousand damage coming at me so
deflection we just always keeping out
always do deflection if a bro or dives
about ready to come up and always hit
deflection if you have a geyser or any
sort of ability that take certain amount
of time it's about ready to go off an 84
ton
yeah my deflection was on cooldown soon
can't do anything about that pump I
can't do something about this it looks
like to have an hour pump coming soon oh
no dive this sandstorm should take care
I don't did take more damage I like the
nice thing about this guy is at cast
this tidal wave ability that just
doesn't a little bit damage to all my
pets while sandstorm is up so I'll just
deflect this world fool and even though
my idol has almost no health I should be
able keep him up for a nice chunk of the
round
that hurt so this tidal wave probably
off the idol yep there he goes so now
it's up to my crap to the last two guys
here she should be able to pull off go
ahead and start them off get the
renewing messed up and then I'll follow
it up with whirlpool and they have both
those are on down I just come search
violent gang renewing miss back up on my
head did the search and get that guy out
away now I go ahead throw my whirlpool
just start getting damaged on this guy
as soon as possible
I have a lot on which going to my crap
human tails off my crab my leveling that
will survive house I'll get the XP put
the crap survived and that's how you do
the flowing pandaren spirit with only
two pets
you